feat(validation): warn about NoInterfaceObject (#374)
w3c/webidl2.js: test/invalid/baseline/exposed.txt

Validation error at line 1 in exposed.webidl, inside `interface UnexposedInterface`:
interface UnexposedInterface {};
          ^ Interfaces must have `[Exposed]` extended attribute. To fix, add, for example, `[Exposed=Window]`. Please also consider carefully if your interface should also be exposed in a Worker scope. Refer to the [WebIDL spec section on Exposed](https://heycam.github.io/webidl/#Exposed) for more information.

> Validation error at line 3 in exposed.webidl, inside `extended-attribute NoInterfaceObject`, with severity "weak":

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Validation error at line 3 in exposed.webidl, inside `extended-attribute NoInterfaceObject`:
```

[NoInterfaceObject]

>  ^ `[NoInterfaceObject]` extended attribute is an undesirable feature that can be removed in the future. Refer to the [relevant upstream PR](https://github.com/heycam/webidl/pull/609) for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 ^ `[NoInterfaceObject]` extended attribute is an undesirable feature that may be removed from WebIDL in the future. Refer to the [relevant upstream PR](https://github.com/heycam/webidl/pull/609) for more information.
```

Reviewer: ok fixed both.
